All right. So this typedef boost shared pointer is actually going to be a type,
and why that is important here is,
when the compiler is looking at templates,
so would reference back here when we are in processPointClouds.cpp,
when it sees as value that's going to be using a template inside,
it doesn't actually have enough information
to figure out if it's going to be a value or a type,
and so it'll actually assume that it's a value.
Unless you use this type name which is specifically saying no,
this is actually going to be a type.
So what does that mean exactly?
Well, it means that if it looks at this and the compiler thinks it's a value,
it's actually going to have a compilation error.
So you could try this out,
if you take this type name away,
because the compiler is thinking it's a value when it's really a type.
So by having this type name,
you're actually telling the compiler, no, wait.
This actually really is a type,
and then it'll be able to compile successfully.
What this just means then is in the processPointClouds.cpp file,
any place that you have this extension of pointer on this PCL pointCloud template,
you'll want to use a type name.
So kind of looking at this file,
you'll see this pattern of where you're using
these different type names whenever you have this pointer extension.
So it will be-